Add periodic log rotation mechanism (#43)
cybozu-go/moco: docs/design.md

The detail is TBD.

### How to manage log files

The operator configures MySQL to output error logs and slow query logs into files.

To avoid exhaustion of storage resources, the operator appends a sidecar container to the MySQL Pod.
The sidecar container rotates and deletes the log files.
The operator creates a CronJob to invoke rotation and deletion periodically.

The operator does not care about gathering the contents of the log files.

> Tenant users can extract the contents by defining a sidecar container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tenant users can extract the contents by defining sidecar containers for `slow.log` and `error.log`.
```

Could you add some examples?

Reviewer: I think an example using filebeat is good.
